Instructions
------------

This project contains a very simple particle system. It has been created using Unity 2018.3.3f1 (the
latest stable version at the time we updated the project), but any 2018.3.xxx should work fine.
You can download this version at this url :
https://unity3d.com/fr/get-unity/download/archive?_ga=2.33234878.1037282688.1548845390-724760772.1508947446.

If you have any problems opening the project, please let us know.

Don't forget to open "Test.scene".

The test is expected to take no more than a couple of hours, but you can spend as long as you like.
You may refer to any reference materials you think would be useful, e.g. MSDN, Google.

Please don't worry if you get stuck on a question, just move on to the next one.
The test is mostly to show us how you think, not whether your answers match ours exactly,
so it's definitely not the case that you would "fail" the test by skipping a question.

You can add new classes and files if you want.

BUGS :
	B1 - When compiled in Release mode, the number of particles isn't updated and stays at 0 in the
	info display, but works fine in Development mode.

	B2 - The bombs emit particles in a square pattern, they should emit in a circle/sphere pattern.

	B3 - There probably are other bugs hidden in the code, try to fix as much as you can.

OPTIMIZATIONS :
	O1 - Framerate drops progressively when the game run for a moment, find the cause of this drop
	and fix it.

	O2 - We think there are several ways to improve the framerate. Do your best to optimize the code
	as much as you can.

Features to add :
	F1 - We'd like the particles to fade out on death rather than disappearing instantly.

	F2 - Implement a method that instantly kills 50% of the particles. Add a UI button or bind a key
	to this function.

	F3 - Implement gravity on the particles.

CODE REVIEW :
	R1 - A new programmer just implemented the ParticleBomb class and his code needs to be reviewed.
	We made a copy in Assets/Scripts/Review/ParticleBomb_REVIEW.cs : write your review in this file.
	Add comments when you think something could be implemented in a better/simpler way, on
	risk-prone code, where you think there could be performance issues, etc. Then explain how this
	could be improved. You can write the review in french if you feel more comfortable.

	R2 - Re-write Assets/Scripts/Test/ParticleBomb.cs to match your comments.